Um, so the beauty folks do the
teaching to the referred of the music jota quest
the sun is
it is very short keeps repeating the
music people bet on the videos then
Now you study that giggle for
to play with the music to include in it
It's good to teach step by step how to
tablature here fingers right for you
is using
and whoever is using the pickup always
to wear alternating jacket, let's go
are on rope 5
You're going to play house 7 on the same rope.
house 9 on rope number 4 you will play
7 9 and 7 again in the first part goes
stay like this
So you train this little trick then the
ten you will're using is 21 13
13 again there's going to be a
party here I'll need
play that note again, just that I'm going
change your finger instead of doing it with the
one finger I do with what I'm going 2
touch that note again touch it
so I need is to change this finger at
I reach that note I want here
underneath it, it will not stay like this
note that this last note that I
I played is a little bit longer
there is still time for you to change the finger're
You 're going to play 17 here and on rope 4
You'll play Rope 3 now the 619
on rope 2 and will play the 7 and will
back to 19 on the rope 3 rock then
this part was thus
so this second part here we to
at home
Then you 'll do it with your little finger.
and you will go up here just wake up number
4 in the house
9 ok
will play 19 on rope number 3 if it goes
play 67
there it is a little while
same rope is now on rope 497 and
ends on chord number 5 in box 9
so this is a good neighbor here
What a short word for you and working.
just so I try to use the correct fingers
It's that I already showed in the song and it's just going
training that you can decipher
That's it worth to the next
There, guys, sign up for our channel.
to receive the updates and if you
liked this video I liked